Add binary instructions, clear recommendations and update source builds (#623)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: install-moveit2/source/index.markdown

### Install <img src="/assets/install_page/ros_logo.jpeg"/>

> Install ROS2 [Foxy](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html), [Galactic](https://docs.ros.org/en/galactic/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html), or [Rolling](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html) following the installation instructions. We recommend Foxy for stable latest LTS distribution needs, Galactic for general use case that has the latest features with a stable distribution and Rolling for contributing to MoveIt 2. Currently the [main branch](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit2) of MoveIt 2 is tested and should compile on both Rolling and Galactic. For Foxy please use the [foxy branch](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit2/tree/foxy) and the relevant build instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install ROS2 [Foxy](https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html), [Galactic](https://docs.ros.org/en/galactic/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html), or [Rolling](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians.html) following the installation instructions. We recommend Foxy for stable latest LTS distribution needs, Galactic for general use case that has the latest features with a stable distribution and Rolling for contributing to MoveIt 2. Currently the [main branch](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit2) of MoveIt 2 is supported on both Rolling and Galactic. For Foxy please use the [foxy branch](https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit2/tree/foxy) and the relevant build instructions below.
```
